---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kbcloud_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-kbcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# kbcloud_clusters (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (List of String) Availability Zones
- `backup` (Attributes) clusterBackup is the payload for cluster backup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup))
- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud Provider
- `cloud_region` (String) Cloud Region
- `cluster_type` (String) Describes the type of cluster
- `code_short` (String) Cluster main component codeShort
- `components` (Attributes List) Components is the list of components (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `created_at` (String) CreatedAt is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC. Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists
- `delay` (Number)
- `display_name` (String) Display name of cluster.
- `engine` (String) Cluster Application Engine
- `environment_id` (String) ID of the environment
- `environment_name` (String) Environment Name
- `extra` (Dynamic) Extra configuration for cluster
- `hash` (String) Hash of cluster. Name must be unique within an Org
- `id` (String) Cluster ID
- `init_options` (Attributes List) InitOptions is the list of init option (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--init_options))
- `license` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--license))
- `maintaince_window` (Attributes) the maintenance window for a cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintaince_window))
- `mode` (String) Cluster topology mode
- `name` (String) Name of cluster. Name must be unique within an Org
- `network_mode` (String)
- `node_group` (String) Specify a NodeGroup for the cluster
- `node_port_enabled` (Boolean) Enable the cluster to provide NodePort service or not.
- `object_storage_config` (Attributes) Specify the object storage config for cluster like starrocks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_storage_config))
- `org_name` (String) Org Name
- `param_tpls` (Attributes List) Items is the list of parameter template in the list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--param_tpls))
- `parent_display_name` (String) the display name of parent cluster
- `parent_id` (String) When two clusters have a relationship, parentId records the parent cluster id.Can be empty when there is no relationship
- `parent_name` (String) the name of parent cluster
- `pod_anti_affinity_enabled` (Boolean) Enable pod antiaffinity for cluster
- `project` (String) Name of project, it is the alias of environment namespace
- `proxy_enabled` (Boolean) Proxy Enabled
- `referenced_by` (Attributes List) this list of objects (currently, object is a cluster) that uses this cluster as a serviceRef (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--referenced_by))
- `service_refs` (Attributes List) serviceRefs used by this cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_refs))
- `single_zone` (Boolean) Use single availability zones
- `static` (Boolean) if cluster is static cluster
- `status` (String) Cluster Status
- `termination_policy` (String) The termination policy of cluster.
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Enable the cluster to provide TLS connection or not.
- `updated_at` (String) UpdatedAt is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC. Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists
- `version` (String) Cluster Application Version

<a id="nestedatt--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup`

Read-Only:

- `auto_backup` (Boolean) autoBackup or not
- `auto_backup_method` (String) name of the backup method
- `backup_repo` (String) backupRepoName is the name of backupRepo and it is used to store the backup data
- `continuous_backup_method` (String) continuous backup method for pitr
- `cron_expression` (String) cronExpression specifies the cron expression
- `incremental_backup_enabled` (Boolean) specify whether to enable incremental backup
- `incremental_cron_expression` (String) the crop expression for incremental backup schedule
- `pitr_enabled` (Boolean) PITREnabled or not
- `retention_period` (String) retentionPeriod specifies the retention period
- `retention_policy` (String) backup retention policy when cluster is deleted
- `snapshot_volumes` (Boolean) snapshotVolumes specifies whether to take snapshots of persistent volumes to back up


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `class_code` (String)
- `code_short` (String) Cluster main component codeShort
- `comp_num` (Number) number of components
- `component` (String) component type, refer to componentDef and support NamePrefix
- `cpu` (Number) CPU cores.
- `memory` (Number) Memory, the unit is Gi.
- `name` (String) component name
- `replicas` (Number) The number of replicas, for standalone mode, the replicas is 1, for raftGroup mode, the default replicas is 3.
- `storage_class` (String) StorageClass name
- `system_account_secret_name` (String) The name of the secret that contains the system account credentials
- `volumes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--components--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.volumes`

Read-Only:

- `io_limits` (Attributes) IO Quantity describes IOPS and BPS of a volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--volumes--io_limits))
- `io_reserves` (Attributes) IO Quantity describes IOPS and BPS of a volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--volumes--io_reserves))
- `name` (String) volume name
- `storage` (Number) Storage size, the unit is Gi.

<a id="nestedatt--components--volumes--io_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.volumes.io_limits`

Read-Only:

- `read_bps` (Number)
- `read_iops` (Number)
- `write_bps` (Number)
- `write_iops` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--components--volumes--io_reserves"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.volumes.io_reserves`

Read-Only:

- `read_bps` (Number)
- `read_iops` (Number)
- `write_bps` (Number)
- `write_iops` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--init_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `init_options`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String) component type, refer to componentDef and support NamePrefix'
- `init_params` (Map of String)
- `spec_name` (String) config spec name


<a id="nestedatt--license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `license`

Read-Only:

- `expired_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `keys` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--maintaince_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintaince_window`

Read-Only:

- `end_hour` (Number) end hour, must be 0-23 and greater than start hour, use UTC timezone
- `start_hour` (Number) start hour, must be 0-23, use UTC timezone
- `weekdays` (String) weekdays, comma separated values of 1-7


<a id="nestedatt--object_storage_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage_config`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) the bucket name for the object storage
- `region` (String) region to use. If using a s3-compatible service that does not require a region (like minio), leave it blank.
- `service_ref` (Attributes) defines a serviceRef that references service provided by other cluster or external service. Only one of cluster or serviceDescriptor field should be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_storage_config--service_ref))
- `use_path_style` (Boolean) whether the object storage is using path-style. If false, virtual host style will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--object_storage_config--service_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage_config.service_ref`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (String) the cluster name that will be used in serviceRef. The referenced cluster should  be at the same organization as the current cluster.
- `name` (String) refers to the serviceRef name defined in engineoption
- `service_descriptor` (Attributes) serviceDescriptor that will be used in serviceRef. The field definition is in line with kubeblocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_storage_config--service_ref--service_descriptor))

<a id="nestedatt--object_storage_config--service_ref--service_descriptor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage_config.service_ref.service_descriptor`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `port` (String)
- `username` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--param_tpls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `param_tpls`

Read-Only:

- `component` (String) component type, refer to componentDef and support NamePrefix
- `org_name` (String) org name of the parameter template
- `param_tpl_id` (String) id of parameter template
- `param_tpl_name` (String) name of assigned parameter template
- `param_tpl_partition` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--referenced_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `referenced_by`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (String) the cluster name that will be used in serviceRef. The referenced cluster should  be at the same organization as the current cluster.
- `name` (String) refers to the serviceRef name defined in engineoption
- `service_descriptor` (Attributes) serviceDescriptor that will be used in serviceRef. The field definition is in line with kubeblocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--referenced_by--service_descriptor))

<a id="nestedatt--referenced_by--service_descriptor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `referenced_by.service_descriptor`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `port` (String)
- `username` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--service_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_refs`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (String) the cluster name that will be used in serviceRef. The referenced cluster should  be at the same organization as the current cluster.
- `name` (String) refers to the serviceRef name defined in engineoption
- `service_descriptor` (Attributes) serviceDescriptor that will be used in serviceRef. The field definition is in line with kubeblocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_refs--service_descriptor))

<a id="nestedatt--service_refs--service_descriptor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_refs.service_descriptor`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `port` (String)
- `username` (String)
